Update README with token generation hint (#23)
wzieba/Firebase-Distribution-Github-Action: README.md

### `token`

> run `firebase login:ci` command and get your token.

Reviewer: Can we please add information without removing old one? Something like this:

```suggestion
**Required** Upload token - see Firebase CLI Reference (tldr; run `firebase login:ci` command to get your token).
```
